<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?><feed xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom' xmlns:gd='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005' xmlns:openSearch='http://a9.com/-/spec/opensearch/1.1/' xmlns:yt='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007' gd:etag='W/&quot;Ck4NRXc_eSp7I2A9XRRUFkU.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comments</id><updated>2015-03-30T02:03:14.941Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><logo>http://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/logo.png</logo><link rel='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#feed' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments?v=2'/><link rel='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#batch' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/batch?v=2'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments?max-results=25&amp;v=2'/><link rel='service' type='application/atomsvc+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments?alt=atom-service&amp;v=2'/><link rel='next' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments?start-token=Cg0QgbCok%2F7OxAIgACgBEvQBCAEQqNaPxLS9xAIq5gGt%2BJf4oJ6et3yZnc%2Fuj9qYkWjUhu%2B%2B8vjF1Wrx8sPs4dWB4vQB%2Faq%2Fp%2F2djcsjt9rX04j768F%2B0527gomPqfaNAYC6veO829%2FPqQGaqNPrxpfxnwWQteHQjvnetlDQvN6AgLC042jJ0IHS88PsoS7%2Br9X0k%2Fr7%2Fa0B6p%2Br%2Fa%2FAjeHNAYjPr4%2Fn8vGc4wGtmJm98q%2B49U6glKebw76Y0dkB9NSLx868g4e1AemwjPeYxuvFqAHp25ajq7L%2BqscBkcLW0KHZlqzAAbmWwKWw84W43AGc2K3W%2F7rd8LEBitOCuKyAzbbeARgBIBg%3D&amp;max-results=25&amp;v=2'/><author><name>YouTube</name><uri>http://www.youtube.com/</uri></author><generator version='2.1' uri='http://gdata.youtube.com'>YouTube data API</generator><openSearch:totalResults>1644</openSearch:totalResults><openSearch:itemsPerPage>25</openSearch:itemsPerPage><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;AkMERX47eCp7I2A9XRZXEko.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12wtlv54lapj1gzk04cd31ghnmiwrgp50o</id><published>2014-07-02T05:20:04.000Z</published><updated>2014-07-02T05:20:04.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Man, Sweden. Even ...</title><content>Man, Sweden. Even your police are cool.ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12wtlv54lapj1gzk04cd31ghnmiwrgp50o?v=2'/><author><name>BrighamTalks</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/BrighamTalks</uri><yt:userId>uVFBMKc7do6MRDT8Xqgi3g</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCuVFBMKc7do6MRDT8Xqgi3g</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>110423716179911260824</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DUcARH47eCp7I2A9XRRUEEo.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13gfv4amryzxhedn22gvfaibzeeun34404</id><published>2015-03-23T02:17:25.000Z</published><updated>2015-03-23T02:17:25.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>I want to take a ...</title><content>I want to take a moment and share a bit about today's yoga class in the 
park and I hope I don't lose you. When I have time...because this is NOT my 
personal day job, I try to share my thoughts, feelings and learned lessons 
from each class. Today was like most days in the park...Beautiful. We were 
running a bit late but we got there in enough time to set up the blankets 
and Gong.

As with most of these classes people trickle in at different times and that 
is ALL good. I tell everyone these classes are informal and the biggest 
emphasis on these is community. But...as with anything you try to create by 
yourself or with the community, you're always going to run into "bumps" 
along the way. This day was a bit bumpy and I'll get to that in a bit.

I've been practicing yoga for well over 18 years and teaching certified and 
un-certified for half of that time and I can tell you this; you're always 
going to have those bumps along the way. That is what REAL yoga is about, 
not just the cute clothing, celebrity head shots, postures, breath work, 
mantras or even the number of classes you go. The large part of yoga is 
confronting things that block you from a higher opportunity be it external 
or internal.

So getting back to today's class, the hour was about 11:05 and I could see 
two park rangers walking my way. These are not the national park rangers 
whose jobs are to take care of our forests, clear the debris on the paths, 
mark trails and steward our lands and wildlife. These are the park rangers 
that carry guns, batons and wear bullet proof vest. So I saw them walking 
my way and the first thing than ran through my head was, "OH JOY" but as a 
yoga practitioner you learn to become flexible in most situations. There is 
a muscle and breath memory that becomes second nature after you have 
practiced long enough. So I smiled and said "Hello". They both came up with 
of course frowns on their faces frown emoticon They immediately asked about 
my 32" Paiste Gong. "What is this?" "This is a Gong." What do you do with 
the gong?" I play the gong during our community yoga classes." "How do you 
play the gong?" You can start to see where this is going. Again, these are 
NOT the stewards of our parks. These are "peace officers" if you could 
honestly call them that...because there was NOTHING that was peaceful about 
them. The questions were drawn out more with the final exclamation by both 
of them that "There are NO percussion instruments allowed to be played in 
the park". "No music is allowed to be played in the park?" "NO percussion 
instruments are allowed to be played in the park!" "OK, have a good day." 
Walk on by~~~

The class was actually really good and we had a good turnout even without 
any gong. I usually play 11 minutes of gong during deep relaxation because 
people love the gong and it takes them to "that place" if played well. But 
today I held off on playing because "NO percussion instruments are allowed 
to be played in the park!" So I just sat there and held the space with the 
practitioners while they went into deep relaxation.

Sure enough...about eight minutes into deep relaxation our "peace officers" 
came strolling back and stood next to me. I'll be honest with you...there 
was a part of me that just wanted to sit there and close my eyes and breath 
and just let everything go by under the guise that I was meditating. Then 
that little voice inside of my said "that's bullshit and disrespectful". So 
I turned over to them and said "Hello." The smaller one of the two looked 
at me and said "I WARNED you about the gong." I sat for a moment and my 
first response was "What?" Of course his return response was stern and he 
said again "I WARNED you about the gong!!!" To be honest there was a slight 
tinge of anger but then it slid right by and I saw his posture and and I 
immediately knew what he was doing. He was using a common training tactic 
used by almost all "peace officers", intimidation through fear of monetary 
fine, verbal intimidation or fear of physical violence. Most "peace 
officers" who are significantly outnumbered by the masses are trained to 
use these tactics when monitoring large crowds. The same tactic is used by 
a herder who corrals their livestock, minus the monetary fine.

Peace officers know that they are significantly outnumbered and try to take 
the upper ground to control the outcome. What they are NOT trained to 
understand is that less than 1% in a crowd of this nature are a potential 
risk and of that 1% only one or maybe two are a serious threats. Yet they 
are trained to treat everyone the same and NOT on a case by case basis. My 
point being, rather than being trained in a respect for the populace, they 
are trained in a fear risk management for themselves and in turn project 
that fear management on populace.

So my answer to the the peace officer was "You did not warn we about the 
gong before. You told me percussion instruments are not to be played in the 
park and if you notice...nobody is playing the gong...nor has anyone been 
playing this gong today. Your warning is not a warning it is an 
intimidation tactic". I left it like that...turned away from both of them 
and looked over the class. They walked away within seconds.
Hopefully I haven't lost you because this post is considerably longer than 
my other posts. After we tuned out I shared with everyone why I hadn't 
played the gong. Basically I was slapped with a cease and desist order 
before even playing the gong. I pointed out to them that these "peace 
officers" are only doing what they are trained to do but if we could all 
self regulate ourselves...there would be no need for these "peace officers".

Please don't get me wrong; I am not against peace officers, the military or 
others who are consciously safeguarding us. However, this is NOT the case 
with the current training state of our police and military. They are 
trained in intimidation tactics and to "act first" and questions later. Why 
do I mention this...because as a community and the fact that we WELL 
outnumber them; our YOGA is to hold them accountable for our community just 
as we are to hold ourselves accountable.
As I mentioned above, there is less than 1% that our peace officers have to 
worry about. They have to be trained how to consciously handle their 
interactions on a case by case basis just as we do. In most of my classes I 
try to say "All yoga is good if you are doing it consciously and everyone 
should do some form of yoga." However... today...I say our peace officers 
and military need to practice some form of yoga so they can find their own 
personal PEACE. Sat~~~Nam...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVioï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13gfv4amryzxhedn22gvfaibzeeun34404?v=2'/><author><name>The Kundalini Co-op</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/U8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</uri><yt:userId>U8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCU8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>110907673085915265503</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CUYERH47eCp7I2A9XRZbE0Q.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13dcxlplv3nxxu3a22ujp4gouixdnuaj04</id><published>2014-08-18T20:18:25.000Z</published><updated>2014-08-18T20:18:25.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Maybe he could ...</title><content>Maybe he could teach certain cops in the USA a good move or twoï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13dcxlplv3nxxu3a22ujp4gouixdnuaj04?v=2'/><author><name>Farhad Divecha</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/FarhadDivecha</uri><yt:userId>etJP0yMbv0QSzxRQAyMc2w</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCetJP0yMbv0QSzxRQAyMc2w</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>117303081651824342575</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>1</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CkQNQH47eCp7I2A9XRRXEkw.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13swdmxwrnichba504ch1agcnq1izkpopg0k</id><published>2015-02-17T21:59:51.000Z</published><updated>2015-02-17T21:59:51.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Cool guy ..Swedish ...</title><content>Cool guy ..Swedish police are really superrrrrrrï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13swdmxwrnichba504ch1agcnq1izkpopg0k?v=2'/><author><name>John Seferian</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/jado690</uri><yt:userId>HfeCALA-sctJabxuS2b8Mg</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCHfeCALA-sctJabxuS2b8Mg</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>103489481787890341936</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DUYFRH47eCp7I2A9XRRUEEo.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13ey13g5rqciv3ou04cdnhgtszxdfeggkk0k</id><published>2015-03-23T02:18:35.000Z</published><updated>2015-03-23T02:18:35.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>I want to take a ...</title><content>I want to take a moment and share a bit about today's yoga class in the 
park and I hope I don't lose you. When I have time...because this is NOT my 
personal day job, I try to share my thoughts, feelings and learned lessons 
from each class. Today was like most days in the park...Beautiful. We were 
running a bit late but we got there in enough time to set up the blankets 
and Gong.

As with most of these classes people trickle in at different times and that 
is ALL good. I tell everyone these classes are informal and the biggest 
emphasis on these is community. But...as with anything you try to create by 
yourself or with the community, you're always going to run into "bumps" 
along the way. This day was a bit bumpy and I'll get to that in a bit.

I've been practicing yoga for well over 18 years and teaching certified and 
un-certified for half of that time and I can tell you this; you're always 
going to have those bumps along the way. That is what REAL yoga is about, 
not just the cute clothing, celebrity head shots, postures, breath work, 
mantras or even the number of classes you go. The large part of yoga is 
confronting things that block you from a higher opportunity be it external 
or internal.

So getting back to today's class, the hour was about 11:05 and I could see 
two park rangers walking my way. These are not the national park rangers 
whose jobs are to take care of our forests, clear the debris on the paths, 
mark trails and steward our lands and wildlife. These are the park rangers 
that carry guns, batons and wear bullet proof vest. So I saw them walking 
my way and the first thing than ran through my head was, "OH JOY" but as a 
yoga practitioner you learn to become flexible in most situations. There is 
a muscle and breath memory that becomes second nature after you have 
practiced long enough. So I smiled and said "Hello". They both came up with 
of course frowns on their faces frown emoticon They immediately asked about 
my 32" Paiste Gong. "What is this?" "This is a Gong." What do you do with 
the gong?" I play the gong during our community yoga classes." "How do you 
play the gong?" You can start to see where this is going. Again, these are 
NOT the stewards of our parks. These are "peace officers" if you could 
honestly call them that...because there was NOTHING that was peaceful about 
them. The questions were drawn out more with the final exclamation by both 
of them that "There are NO percussion instruments allowed to be played in 
the park". "No music is allowed to be played in the park?" "NO percussion 
instruments are allowed to be played in the park!" "OK, have a good day." 
Walk on by~~~

The class was actually really good and we had a good turnout even without 
any gong. I usually play 11 minutes of gong during deep relaxation because 
people love the gong and it takes them to "that place" if played well. But 
today I held off on playing because "NO percussion instruments are allowed 
to be played in the park!" So I just sat there and held the space with the 
practitioners while they went into deep relaxation.

Sure enough...about eight minutes into deep relaxation our "peace officers" 
came strolling back and stood next to me. I'll be honest with you...there 
was a part of me that just wanted to sit there and close my eyes and breath 
and just let everything go by under the guise that I was meditating. Then 
that little voice inside of my said "that's bullshit and disrespectful". So 
I turned over to them and said "Hello." The smaller one of the two looked 
at me and said "I WARNED you about the gong." I sat for a moment and my 
first response was "What?" Of course his return response was stern and he 
said again "I WARNED you about the gong!!!" To be honest there was a slight 
tinge of anger but then it slid right by and I saw his posture and and I 
immediately knew what he was doing. He was using a common training tactic 
used by almost all "peace officers", intimidation through fear of monetary 
fine, verbal intimidation or fear of physical violence. Most "peace 
officers" who are significantly outnumbered by the masses are trained to 
use these tactics when monitoring large crowds. The same tactic is used by 
a herder who corrals their livestock, minus the monetary fine.

Peace officers know that they are significantly outnumbered and try to take 
the upper ground to control the outcome. What they are NOT trained to 
understand is that less than 1% in a crowd of this nature are a potential 
risk and of that 1% only one or maybe two are a serious threats. Yet they 
are trained to treat everyone the same and NOT on a case by case basis. My 
point being, rather than being trained in a respect for the populace, they 
are trained in a fear risk management for themselves and in turn project 
that fear management on populace.

So my answer to the the peace officer was "You did not warn we about the 
gong before. You told me percussion instruments are not to be played in the 
park and if you notice...nobody is playing the gong...nor has anyone been 
playing this gong today. Your warning is not a warning it is an 
intimidation tactic". I left it like that...turned away from both of them 
and looked over the class. They walked away within seconds.
Hopefully I haven't lost you because this post is considerably longer than 
my other posts. After we tuned out I shared with everyone why I hadn't 
played the gong. Basically I was slapped with a cease and desist order 
before even playing the gong. I pointed out to them that these "peace 
officers" are only doing what they are trained to do but if we could all 
self regulate ourselves...there would be no need for these "peace officers".

Please don't get me wrong; I am not against peace officers, the military or 
others who are consciously safeguarding us. However, this is NOT the case 
with the current training state of our police and military. They are 
trained in intimidation tactics and to "act first" and questions later. Why 
do I mention this...because as a community and the fact that we WELL 
outnumber them; our YOGA is to hold them accountable for our community just 
as we are to hold ourselves accountable.
As I mentioned above, there is less than 1% that our peace officers have to 
worry about. They have to be trained how to consciously handle their 
interactions on a case by case basis just as we do. In most of my classes I 
try to say "All yoga is good if you are doing it consciously and everyone 
should do some form of yoga." However... today...I say our peace officers 
and military need to practice some form of yoga so they can find their own 
personal PEACE. Sat~~~Nam...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVioï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13ey13g5rqciv3ou04cdnhgtszxdfeggkk0k?v=2'/><author><name>The Kundalini Co-op</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/U8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</uri><yt:userId>U8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCU8b_AsqhqwH5Xqh7-MOUew</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>110907673085915265503</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DU4HR347eCp7I2A9XRZbE0Q.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12tf3ppeyuqsnf2a22fsjhigtqaznr0m</id><published>2014-08-18T21:38:56.000Z</published><updated>2014-08-18T21:38:56.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Maybe he could ...</title><content>Maybe he could teach certain cops in the USA a good move or twoï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12tf3ppeyuqsnf2a22fsjhigtqaznr0m?v=2'/><author><name>Urban Persson</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/MegaMuztek</uri><yt:userId>AdsK7tnCJpDvhY6tJI6dkg</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCAdsK7tnCJpDvhY6tJI6dkg</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>113020775114478024441</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>1</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DEEHQn47eCp7I2A9XRZVFUQ.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z123enzisvbbc52le23pi1npfwadyh4yq04</id><published>2014-07-29T01:17:13.000Z</published><updated>2014-07-29T01:17:13.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>That's the most ...</title><content>That's the most Swedish looking man I've ever seen.ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z123enzisvbbc52le23pi1npfwadyh4yq04?v=2'/><author><name>JordanGoRetro</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/JordanGoRetro</uri><yt:userId>LZmrIIJzkXitKl5i5NyElg</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCLZmrIIJzkXitKl5i5NyElg</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>103727238996725045444</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DU8NSH47eCp7I2A9XRZaF0s.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z122flz55vmggpavy22mytngpoe2tjhnf</id><published>2014-09-03T18:11:39.000Z</published><updated>2014-09-03T18:11:39.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Cruel and unusual ...</title><content>Cruel and unusual punishment?ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z122flz55vmggpavy22mytngpoe2tjhnf?v=2'/><author><name>softan</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/softan</uri><yt:userId>GKR3TUqEsEzlpMKIaDKVjQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCGKR3TUqEsEzlpMKIaDKVjQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>100996687988256127914</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;AkEHRn47eCp7I2A9XRZQF0g.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12euzopwqyhwnigz04ciz2pbyrts31xefc</id><published>2014-06-26T04:57:17.000Z</published><updated>2014-06-26T04:57:17.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Wow i just bought ...</title><content>Wow i just bought that album yesterday!ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12euzopwqyhwnigz04ciz2pbyrts31xefc?v=2'/><author><name>Ash Ketchum</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/WdCnW5x6a8Oez8EbkHJSjQ</uri><yt:userId>WdCnW5x6a8Oez8EbkHJSjQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCWdCnW5x6a8Oez8EbkHJSjQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>118420083051067555897</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;Dk4HSH47eCp7I2A9XRRQGE4.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12qdlyiuovisn3to23khvq5jsmojnmu2</id><published>2015-02-13T13:42:19.000Z</published><updated>2015-02-13T13:42:19.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Haha lol ï»¿</title><content>Haha lol ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12qdlyiuovisn3to23khvq5jsmojnmu2?v=2'/><author><name>Ronja Holmberg</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/NTzwVFUsCPTChHiDn5bmBQ</uri><yt:userId>NTzwVFUsCPTChHiDn5bmBQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCNTzwVFUsCPTChHiDn5bmBQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>115279637495830977131</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CUIAQ347eCp7I2A9XRdSF04.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12jdjm5lpfpzh52d22pj5a5mxyidpq14</id><published>2014-09-26T12:12:22.000Z</published><updated>2014-09-26T12:12:22.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Ace Ventura!!ï»¿</title><content>Ace Ventura!!ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12jdjm5lpfpzh52d22pj5a5mxyidpq14?v=2'/><author><name>Peter B.</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/pbartolomeo05</uri><yt:userId>9V8PdDcAL9HIupG6LyBcGA</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UC9V8PdDcAL9HIupG6LyBcGA</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>113577424604651595863</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DkMHQ347eCp7I2A9XRdUGEQ.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12sfnezmzzqjjc4i04cglu45wqhgprwwfc</id><published>2014-12-06T19:33:52.000Z</published><updated>2014-12-06T19:33:52.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Su-san? what the ...</title><content>Su-san? what the hell?! And I thought Denmark was crazy...ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12sfnezmzzqjjc4i04cglu45wqhgprwwfc?v=2'/><author><name>Malva Falk</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/gaFWr8m6xGJd7_af6LqgVA</uri><yt:userId>gaFWr8m6xGJd7_af6LqgVA</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCgaFWr8m6xGJd7_af6LqgVA</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>103981397561065332034</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DE8DR347eCp7I2A9Wh9aFUw.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13cv5bawkz2ijxqh04cchabmpu1udaaqac</id><published>2014-05-08T02:40:23.000Z</published><updated>2014-05-08T02:41:16.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Det Ã¤r sÃ¥hÃ¤r den ...</title><content>Det Ã¤r sÃ¥hÃ¤r den svenska polisen ska gÃ¶ra:
Roa,HjÃ¤lpa och Beskydda.. inte slÃ¥ pÃ¥ som galningar.ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13cv5bawkz2ijxqh04cchabmpu1udaaqac?v=2'/><author><name>Crusta Fan</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/Crustis</uri><yt:userId>axqwFOkj-2Sex2bNHtwIOA</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCaxqwFOkj-2Sex2bNHtwIOA</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>107285343155992254564</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>1</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;C0ABRn47eCp7I2A9Wh5aFEU.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12ocv0j2lmoftftp23yjt5qxm30z1csa</id><published>2014-01-11T23:09:17.000Z</published><updated>2014-01-11T23:09:17.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>"FÃ¶r undrande ...</title><content>"FÃ¶r undrande MalmÃ¶bor gick polisen ut med ett pressmeddelande i fÃ¶rra 
veckan dÃ¤r de fÃ¶rklarar att den dansande polisen inte Ã¤r pÃ¥ riktigt, samt 
att han heller inte har nÃ¥gon som helst koppling till polisen."

English: This is obviously not a real police officer. It was just some guy 
messing around.ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12ocv0j2lmoftftp23yjt5qxm30z1csa?v=2'/><author><name>Daniel Benjamin</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/GetStuffed04</uri><yt:userId>tboPj85ygBNSQSiTbmzOVg</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCtboPj85ygBNSQSiTbmzOVg</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>117857886006532967034</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>2</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CEQMQX47eCp7I2A9XRZWEUo.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13mghwpjlbgjvcwl04ch1sznuq3xnlzr3w</id><published>2014-07-12T13:39:40.000Z</published><updated>2014-07-12T13:39:40.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Looks like someones ...</title><content>Looks like someones on Drugsï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13mghwpjlbgjvcwl04ch1sznuq3xnlzr3w?v=2'/><author><name>Brandon Taylor</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/Nf5dVkDbSqaXR7r347-HFQ</uri><yt:userId>Nf5dVkDbSqaXR7r347-HFQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCNf5dVkDbSqaXR7r347-HFQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>116039020328775567287</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DUQGQ347eCp7I2A9XRdVF0U.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12jyhhqdrensdnxq04cgp55bwupubsouzs0k</id><published>2014-11-24T00:02:02.000Z</published><updated>2014-11-24T00:02:02.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>THE KNIFE &lt;3ï»¿</title><content>THE KNIFE &lt;3ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12jyhhqdrensdnxq04cgp55bwupubsouzs0k?v=2'/><author><name>HÃ¤xa PÃ¤ranormel</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/t0-06YTTYzf-PDIHLdOjqA</uri><yt:userId>t0-06YTTYzf-PDIHLdOjqA</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCt0-06YTTYzf-PDIHLdOjqA</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>108843792051279751444</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;D0YGRn47eCp7I2A9Wh9UFUo.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12aeltihsb3vptub23sgzkocz2hy1cgu04</id><published>2014-04-15T15:18:47.000Z</published><updated>2014-04-15T15:18:47.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>My eyes ... Police ...</title><content>My eyes ... Police brutality is really out of control nowadays.ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12aeltihsb3vptub23sgzkocz2hy1cgu04?v=2'/><author><name>grognougnou</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/grognougnou</uri><yt:userId>2Y_tpwMLdqY_OYgt-QyUxQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UC2Y_tpwMLdqY_OYgt-QyUxQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>102762407021882267010</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;C0QHQH47eCp7I2A9Wh9VEU0.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13ezlfzpperhvys323tt3oqqkbpzdouw</id><published>2014-03-29T13:55:31.000Z</published><updated>2014-03-29T13:55:31.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Dat stone face xDï»¿</title><content>Dat stone face xDï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13ezlfzpperhvys323tt3oqqkbpzdouw?v=2'/><author><name>Mordlysten</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/thetwilightspirit69</uri><yt:userId>utPU6Cgx5iMUB-7KUzEmdw</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCutPU6Cgx5iMUB-7KUzEmdw</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>109153806486807653686</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CUAERH47eCp7I2A9XRZRGEs.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13fdvqoxrewtvzoe04cjdg4zpziij3wtlg0k</id><published>2014-06-15T20:21:45.000Z</published><updated>2014-06-15T20:21:45.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Would you fuck me? ...</title><content>Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me...ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13fdvqoxrewtvzoe04cjdg4zpziij3wtlg0k?v=2'/><author><name>Boss Galka</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/Grassdragoon</uri><yt:userId>zoy6o4xE9V8AI2EaS_auXw</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCzoy6o4xE9V8AI2EaS_auXw</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>101137498074898835637</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CUIHQX47eCp7I2A9XRZVGEs.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12xffawfvusxxov223xhz54esyvsd41f</id><published>2014-08-01T03:25:30.000Z</published><updated>2014-08-01T03:25:30.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Awesome !ï»¿</title><content>Awesome !ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12xffawfvusxxov223xhz54esyvsd41f?v=2'/><author><name>MrNiceHk</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/MrNiceHk</uri><yt:userId>QcNCqoYD0LBhUqZb9lzQiQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCQcNCqoYD0LBhUqZb9lzQiQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>111475436458836001576</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CEAAQ347eCp7I2A9XRdVE0U.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12rxxzqxqbjzhlsv22bvjwb4zzqgzzbk04</id><published>2014-11-19T07:39:02.000Z</published><updated>2014-11-19T07:39:02.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>"STOP OR I'LL DANCE ...</title><content>"STOP OR I'LL DANCE"! (Give me a break) ...ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12rxxzqxqbjzhlsv22bvjwb4zzqgzzbk04?v=2'/><author><name>BillN6801</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/BillN6801</uri><yt:userId>OsEX_b5cy68s9sKj3u_fqQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCOsEX_b5cy68s9sKj3u_fqQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>109424367993687375400</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;CEAGQn47eCp7I2A9XRZbFE4.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z134vntwrsfwhloih04cjvs5vnqjxnp4vl40k</id><published>2014-08-19T07:18:43.000Z</published><updated>2014-08-19T07:18:43.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>High at the jobï»¿</title><content>High at the jobï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z134vntwrsfwhloih04cjvs5vnqjxnp4vl40k?v=2'/><author><name>Joakim Bergendahl</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/6Eg4r-qe1vxRWbpRVd2wWQ</uri><yt:userId>6Eg4r-qe1vxRWbpRVd2wWQ</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UC6Eg4r-qe1vxRWbpRVd2wWQ</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>110448526216172511468</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>0</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;DkQNSH47eCp7I2A9Wh9VE0o.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z12hg3pyjkfbu3pjh04cevnafwbihjgzzk00k</id><published>2014-04-01T17:46:39.000Z</published><updated>2014-04-01T17:46:39.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>It's not a real cop ...</title><content>It's not a real cop guys. I was there and saw it with my own eyes and the 
vehicle the policeman was driving had some wierd text on it and a logo of 
some theater show called "Polis polis potatisgris"ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z12hg3pyjkfbu3pjh04cevnafwbihjgzzk00k?v=2'/><author><name>superoliwer997</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/superoliwer997</uri><yt:userId>pMdt8N-X_mS9QsRnmgpBhw</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCpMdt8N-X_mS9QsRnmgpBhw</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>100674789886136630657</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>1</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry><entry gd:etag='W/&quot;AkcCQH47eCp7I2A9Wh9TE0g.&quot;'><id>tag:youtube.com,2008:video:_61s62WKVio:comment:z13lvb4hpom4xdjt023ptjq4uxq4zl52o</id><published>2014-01-22T02:34:21.000Z</published><updated>2014-01-22T02:34:21.000Z</updated><category scheme='http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://gdata.youtube.com/schemas/2007#comment'/><title>Well, that's Malmo. ...</title><content>Well, that's Malmo. I doubt they'd do that in Norrkoping. ;)ï»¿</content><link rel='related' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio?v=2'/><link rel='alternate' type='text/html' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_61s62WKVio'/><link rel='self' type='application/atom+xml' href='https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/videos/_61s62WKVio/comments/z13lvb4hpom4xdjt023ptjq4uxq4zl52o?v=2'/><author><name>Lisa Colorado</name><uri>https://gdata.youtube.com/feeds/api/users/Lisarata</uri><yt:userId>QIEqSR7yjep6qPmx9ZuzWw</yt:userId></author><yt:channelId>UCQIEqSR7yjep6qPmx9ZuzWw</yt:channelId><yt:googlePlusUserId>111683334942158310405</yt:googlePlusUserId><yt:replyCount>1</yt:replyCount><yt:videoid>_61s62WKVio</yt:videoid></entry></feed>